Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo .	
The court today reversed the decision of that court , the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit .	
Stealing identities and credit card numbers with bogus e-mail and websites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet , federal officials warned Monday .	
Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc . ( nyse : JWN - news - people ) jumped $ 1.49 , or 9.4 percent , to $ 17.35 .	
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30 , or 1.1 percent , while bond values fell , too .	
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $ 500,000 .	
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points , or 1.10 percent , to 943 .	
Speaking for the first time yesterday , Brigitte 's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried .	
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .	
 This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation 's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation ’ s critical infrastructure assets . 	
Overture 's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business .	
The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months .	
 These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate ,  Bush said , adding that the United States will find the killers .	
In early afternoon trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,381.79 .	
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .	
Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50 , while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50 .	
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and companion Fran Walsh arrive at the 74th Annual Academy Awards .	
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured .	
Downstream at Mount Vernon , the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight , Burke said .	
Elena Slough , considered to be the nation 's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world , died early Sunday morning .	
 I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret ,  Mr Truss said .	
 Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we 're back in Europe ,  Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday .	
Levin 's attorney , Bo Hitchcock , declined to comment Friday .	
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush 's statement .	
Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire , Justice Sandra Day O 'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court .	
Terri Schiavo , 39 , underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years , said her father , Bob Schindler .	
The Legislature on Wednesday sent Gov. Jeb Bush a bill it hopes will lower malpractice insurance rates and keep doctors from limiting their practices or moving out of state .	
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache , Alta . , Carrot River , Sask . , Chapleau , Ont . , and Aberdeen , Wash .	
He also drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth .	
The judge 's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court .	
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region .	
Aileen Boyle , a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman , declined to comment on any potential legal action .	
Obviously , I 've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things , because that 's the way I always was .	
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3 .	
Voters in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners .	
With these assets , Funny Cide has a solid chance to become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978 .	
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $ 232.8 million .	
The legislation , which now goes to the full House , would amend the state 's 1988 corporate takeover law .	
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun 's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications .	
The manufacturers include Fujitsu Ltd . , Mitsubishi Electric Corp. , Motorola Japan Ltd . , NEC Corp. , Panasonic Mobile Communications Co . Ltd . , and Sharp Corp.	
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations , bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers .	
He left the ship after the collision , went to his home , and attempted suicide .	
Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted , her lawyer said in a statement .	
 I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want . 	
"When you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , "" said Charles Weisselberg , a UC Berkeley law professor ."	
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address , allowing investigators to trace him easily .	
A U.S. Court of Appeals Thursday ruled that Microsoft ( Quote , Company Info ) does not have to carry the Java programming language in its Windows operating system .	
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim 's panties .	
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser , following a patent verdict that went against the company , Microsoft said Friday .	
On Monday , U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star , Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center .	
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him .	
But he will meet the French President , Jacques Chirac , privately .	
A smaller number , 8 per cent , looked for higher profits through price increases .	
Terri Schiavo , 39 , is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years .	
Hunt 's attorneys filed a motion late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court to have Hunt 's murder conviction thrown out .	
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas were the two other dissenting judges .	
Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals .	
Police investigating a fatal hit-and-run accident conducted a search Monday at the home of Bishop Thomas O 'Brien , head of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix .	
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions .	
 At this point , Mr. Brando announced : ' Somebody ought to put a bullet '  through her head , the motion continued .	
The contract also includes a $ 200,000 buyout .	
Last month , 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home .	
Analysts ' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $ 2.08 a share , excluding one-time items .	
Most times , wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country .	
Sony claimed that the reader 's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning .	
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Atlanta also refused to comment .	
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle 's offer .	
WorldCom 's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July , 2002 .	
Costa 's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero , whom he beat in last year 's final .	
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .	
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89 .	
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own .	
This week 's tour will take Bush to Senegal , South Africa , Botswana , Uganda and Nigeria , and is aimed at softening his warrior image at home and abroad .	
 The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions ,  he said at a White House ceremony .	
O 'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident , a felony .	
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7 , Dayton said .	
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 128 points , or 1.4 % , at 9073 , while the Nasdaq fell 34 points , or 2.1 % , to 1610 .	
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they 're cooperating with his investigation .	
 Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world 's largest and most familiar brands ,  Heyer said in a statement .	
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December , the Center said .	
Indeed , prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept . 11 operation outside the United States .	
Among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years .	
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures , approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election .	
In addition , it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat .	
Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman 's first name - and refused to reveal it .	
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church , Frank T. Griswold III , declined , through a spokesman , to comment on the development Saturday .	
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business .	
 It 's a huge black eye ,  said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr . , whose family has controlled the paper since 1896 .	
All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning : bloody diarrhea , vomiting , abdominal cramping and nausea .	
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto , a city of four million people .	
Unemployment across the state fell a half of a percentage point last month to 6.1 percent from August 's mark of 6.6 percent .	
The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a separate hearing Thursday .	
In December , he anticipated growth of 5.3 percent to nearly $ 154 billion .	
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange .	
Michael Mitchell , the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee , did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon .	
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air .	
Peterson , 27 , was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas .	
" And about eight to 10 seconds down , I hit .	 I was in the water for about eight seconds ."	
The deal will combine Adobe 's Form Server , Form Designer and Reader products with IBM 's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products .	
There were no plans to build permanent US bases in Africa , Pentagon officials said .	
In court papers filed Tuesday , Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom 's use of the name , saying he had never given his consent for it to be used .	
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William ' The Refrigerator ' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan 's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest .	
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical .	
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people .	
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase , who won democratic elections in September 2001 .	
Kerr , who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90 's and one with the Spurs in 1999 , finished with 12 points , 3 assists and 2 rebounds .	
Samuel Waksal , ImClone 's former CEO , recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud .	
The U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency .	
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans .	
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders .	
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate .	
A senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board , state radio report said .	
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk , where his plane had made a refuelling stop .	
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order .	
"Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as "" Eleonora [ 67 ] , "" to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday ."	
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline , falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units .	
Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center , which specializes in rocket engine research and testing , since August .	
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001 , an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused .	
Siebel , whose fortunes soared with the tech boom , has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001 .	
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $ 425 million .	
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues .	
 He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ,  daughter Linda Hope said .	
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $ 1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates , York declared .	
The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress , instead of the state 's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans , officials say .	
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer .	
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis , the official said .	
 His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes ,  Mr Butts said .	
It would now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland .	
After Mao 's death in 1976 , Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution .	
They passed through the Lemelson Medical , Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia .	
"However , the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "" large number "" of existing Web sites ."	
The Opposition Leader , Simon Crean , said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers .	
Sen. Charles Schumer , D-N.Y. , sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation .	
Gerry Kiely , a EU agriculture representative in Washington , said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform .	
"He said the issue of disclosing classified information about a C.I.A. officer was "" a very serious matter "" that should be "" pursued to the fullest extent "" by the Justice Department ."	
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $ 100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday .	
BioReliance 's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $ 47.98 per share .	
India blamed that and other attacks on Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir , its only Muslim-majority state .	
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week .	
 Events on our system , in and of themselves , could not account for the widespread nature of the outage ,  FirstEnergy Chief Executive Peter Burg told the House panel .	
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent , from $ 1.50 to $ 2 , on May 4 , while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1 .	
"E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic "" paper "" for e-newspapers and e-books , and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it ."	
Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles , publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday .	
"Asked about the controversy , Bloomberg said , "" I didn 't see either one today , but if they 're here and wave from the side I 'll certainly wave to them ."	
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully .	
At the hearing yesterday , High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail , evidently unaware they had already left the country .	
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $ 20 million to establish the registry .	
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia .	
But a U.S. appeals court in San Francisco disagreed and upheld the law .	
Trade deals between manufacturers and grocery retailers or distributors have long been governed by complicated contracts that offer retailers discounts , money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space .	
"In the first three months of 2003 alone , weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5 % -- the biggest drop in more than a decade , "" Lieberman said ."	
 I think it happened very quickly ,  Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime .	
The Nasdaq composite index fell 25.17 , or 1.4 percent , to 1,792.07 following a loss of 26.46 the previous session .	
Attorney John Barnett , who represents Morse , showed photos of a scratch on Morse 's neck and the officer 's bloody ear .	
She said six were from Douglas County , the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg , and two were from the Portland area .	
" This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [ database ] .	The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database .
Significantly , it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah , accused of being behind the attacks .	The address made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemaah Islamiyah , which was behind the attacks .
One , from a former CIBC executive , described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as  outrageous . """	
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey .	
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .	
" We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault .	 We have declared war on sexual assault and sexual harassment , "" Rosa said ."	
"He says that "" this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy , not questioning it ."	
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River .	
Under the settlement , Solutia will pay $ 50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years .	
" He wasnt like that , except for getting in a couple fights with his dad .	As far as I know , he wasnt like that , except for getting in a couple fights with his dad . "	
Hill , 50 , would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor .	
Arts helped coach the youth on an eighth-grade football team at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay .	
Lee said Brianna had dragged food , toys and other things into the bedroom .	
"But he added : "" You can 't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror . """	
Diane Lade of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel , a Tribune Publishing newspaper , contributed to this report .	
Apple has also built a new VPN ( define ) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X , Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols .	
On Saturday , a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski 's world record .	
Justice Clarence Thomas , joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia , dissented .	
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up , he was later released .	
Indonesia 's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM 's battle for independence , charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations .	
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid the yen 's rise against the dollar .	
 We 're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it 's the right thing to do ,  said Michael Mudd , spokesman for the Northfield-based company .	
At 8 a.m. Friday , San Joaquin County Sheriff 's deputies found the body of Adan Avalos , 37 .	
Only 66 years old , Brooks was killed on Monday , Aug. 11 , 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota .	
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $ 10 million plus bonuses , earning him about $ 220,000 a game .	
"Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "" very methodical . """	
 Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA ,  he said .	
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim 's underwear .	
The man , who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m. , gave up to deputies about 6 : 30 p.m.	
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £ 4.1 billion merger .	
Kerry last month outlined a U.N. resolution authorizing a military force under U.S. command and transferring responsibility to the United Nations for the political and humanitarian efforts .	
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores , and has annual revenue of about $ 15.8 billion .	
He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington .	
Naim al-Goud , mayor of Hit , said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines .	
" It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans , ' ' she said .	 It was one of the few times in my life when I felt that we were truly being treated as Americans . """	
"The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "" disturbing "" abuse of juveniles and "" unconscionable "" conditions at two state-run facilities ."	
Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite .	
In the interview , Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen , where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning .	
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft 's ( Nasdaq : MSFT ) Windows Mobile software , the mobile operator said .	
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country 's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei 's death .	
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building , he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse .	
"Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "" is showing results . """	
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S & P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May .	
One , Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew , 33 , was on his way home to attend his mother 's funeral in Pennsylvania , relatives said .	
According to the Merchant Marine Ministry , the 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands .	
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities .	
 The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors ,  he said .	
"Intel was disappointed and assessing its "" options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel , "" spokesman Chuck Mulloy said ."	
Previously , it had reported a profit of $ 12 million , or 0 cents a share , for that period .	
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995 .	
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight , Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity .	
 The Republicans went into a closet , met with themselves , and announced a ' compromise . ' 	
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget .	
"The answer is clearly yes , "" said Dr. Larry Norton , deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center ."	
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows .	
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today .	
"Mr Annan said terrorism "" will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it "" ."	
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years , up two years since 1990 .	
In Vienna , the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation , although no date had yet been set .	
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent , the biggest decline since July 1986 .	
"That risk , described as minor , remains "" the predominant concern for the foreseeable future , "" the statement released after the Fed meeting said ."	
Food and Drug Administration ( news - web sites ) Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft 's initiative could start an important trend .	
Sarah Weddington , the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey , could not be reached for comment .	
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean .	
Third-quarter revenue declined to $ 36.9 billion from $ 39.3 billion , primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales .	
"Claudia Gonzles Herrera , an assistant attorney general in charge of the case , said the arrests show that Guatemala "" takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously . """	
Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad , a military statement said Tuesday .	
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit , the area from which he and Hussein hail , about 90 miles north of Baghdad , U.S. military officials said Wednesday night .	
At a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum , she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19 .	
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	
But none of them opposed the idea outright , ministers said .	
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel .	
Before Sunday , 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year , according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise .	
They named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff , a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week .	
The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut 's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent .	
Woodley , who underwent a liver transplant in 1992 , died of liver and kidney failure .	
" Oh , it 's never fun to be No 4 , especially if you 've been No 1 before .	 It 's never fun to be No. 4 , especially if you 've been No. 1 before , ' ' said Williams . """	
The United States and Britain are seeking backing at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis .	
PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien ( ) , the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference , will arrive in Malaysia today .	
"Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served , "" Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom ."	
This morning , at UM 's New York office , Coen revised his expectations downward , saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $ 247 billion .	
Currently , the state 's congressional delegation is made up of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans .	
Florida 's primary isn 't until March 9 - following 28 other states .	
"That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up , "" he said ."	
GREAT train robber Ronnie Biggs was fighting for life last night after a massive heart attack .	
Dennehy 's family reported him missing June 19 , seven days after he was last seen on campus .	
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer , not because Rosenbaum was jewish .	
A demolitions expert for JI , al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002 .	
The 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months .	
Since it was launched , the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority .	
If requested by outside authorities , however , the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use .	
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald 's LPGA Championship .	
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week .	
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away , with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator .	
Johnson and four other protesters were arrested soon afterward for blocking the roadway , a state misdemeanor .	
In an interview , Healey , who is a criminologist , acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment .	
For the full 12-month period ending June 30 , advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent .	
In two new schemes , people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users .	
At first blush , then , the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place .	
Minister Saud al-Faisal 's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name .	
Bolivia 's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread .	
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit , but the Government would ensure they remained viable .	
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading .	
Officials at Microsoft and Lindon , Utah-based SCO couldn 't be immediately reached for comment .	
A West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department .	
The hall will be home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale .	
 Indeed , Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down ,  he said .	
At midday Monday , the 10-year note US10YT = RR had slipped 12 / 32 in price giving a yield of 3.16 percent from 3.12 percent .	
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday .	
The cleanup , including new carpeting , electrical wiring and bathrooms , cost about $ 130 million .	
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia 's camp , when the mudslide smashed into two cabins .	
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .	
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office .	
The council comprises 13 Shi 'ites , five Sunni Arabs , five Kurds , an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen .	
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995 , but did win representation on its board .	
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks , which killed 231 people , including 12 Americans .	
Paul Durousseau , 30 , was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February , and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing .	
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales .	
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday after the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody 's , the credit rating agency .	
He had also said an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank , which meets Thursday , would be welcome .	
"In a statement , the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "" maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential . """	
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation . . . .	
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003 .	
 Today , we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush . 	
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed .	
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case .	
The Nikkei average ended trading down 1.83 percent at 10,310.04 , a four-week low .	
"Gibson said last month in a press statement that "" neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic ."	
First , it 's found in most versions of Windows , including the new Windows Server 2003 .	
However , John Clare , chief executive of the Dixons Group , expressed his disappointment .	
Now Infogrames has decided to change its name to Atari .	
The Calgary woman , who is in her twenties , donated blood on Aug. 7 .	
"Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe , Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come . """	
 The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role ,  said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement .	
With the government grant added in , the airline earned $ 246 million , or 30 cents a share .	
In addition to O 'Connor , Rehnquist 's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , and Stephen Breyer .	
 But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . 	
" Contrary to the court 's decision , we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list .	 Contrary to the court 's decision , we firmly believe Congress gave the F.T.C. authority to implement the national do-not-call list , "" the congressmen said in a statement ."	
 His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it , to send it to him , so he can sign it . 	
On July 10 , a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad .	
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $ 28.15 billion .	
The steel tariffs , which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002 , will officially end at midnight , instead of March 2005 as initially planned .	
Rescue and search operation had been going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night , Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network .	
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast .	
"U.S. District Judge Denny Chin said Fox 's claim was "" wholly without merit , both factually and legally . """	
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , wouldn 't comment Friday .	
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls .	
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja .	
Indeed , Mr. Weill , a self-described workaholic , said he planned to remain very involved in the company .	
Through Thursday , Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered .	
But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl 's mother , Lansdowne said .	
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents , or 2.2 percent , at $ 7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq .	
"It was to fly a plane in the White House . """	
The United Nations ' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published , but Britain did not provide any , U.N. officials said .	
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine .	
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons .	
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $ 44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .	
The nine states are Alaska , Arizona , California , Colorado , Hawaii , Maine , Nevada , Oregon and Washington .	
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region , with thousands deployed in and around the town .	
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95 , or 1.1 percent , to 1507.76 , its first slide in five days .	
While robbery appeared to be the motive , the suspects drove off before taking anything .	
The shooting happened at 5 : 30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city 's westside .	
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista , who has spent $ 1.71 million of his own money to force a recall .	
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points , or 0.68 percent , at 9,270.70 .	
Kyi , a U.N. envoy says , as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed .	
For the second year in a row , rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation , accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase .	
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95 , or 0.2 percent , for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday .	
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $ 58.28 , up 16 cents , in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange .	
He was released on $ 3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas , where he had been filming a video .	
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations .	
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive , it 's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn 't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time .	
Other staff members , however , defended the document , saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue .	
A second bomb , evidently carried by the other woman , did not explode ; the authorities detonated the explosives later .	
When a manager let him into the apartment , the youngster was in a baby 's bathtub , covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel .	
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections .	
The woman , Mary Kathryn Miller , 55 , was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny .	
The value will total about $ 124 million , including convertible securities , according to Corel .	
Elsewhere , European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs .	
Sovereign 's shares lost 74 cents , or 4.5 % , to $ 15.68 .	
In Nigeria alone , the report said , as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition .	
Unable to find a home for him , a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California .	
I never thought I 'd write these words , but here goes : I miss Vin Diesel .	
At least 13 of the affected flights were scheduled out of Atlanta .	
The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding .	
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday .	
 I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex . 	
The final chapter in the trilogy , The Matrix Revolutions , is out in November .	
Excluding one-time items , the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share .	
"Nonetheless , the open-source guru insisted , "" This attack was wrong , and it was dangerous to our goals . """	
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found , AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent .	
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent .	
 As expected , second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses ,  said Robert A. Eckert , chief executive .	
The new effort , Taxpayers Against the Recall , will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station .	
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again .	
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .	
Gillette shares rose $ 1.45 , or 4.5 percent , to $ 33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading .	
Three American warships are off the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2,300 marines .	
The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE 's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server .	
 It was never our intention to sell the product ,  said Health Minister Anne McClellan , a skeptic of medical marijuana use .	
Late last month Microsoft restricted access to its MSN Messenger network .	
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions , but President Bill Clinton vetoed them .	
"Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own ; it is "" in the hands of Mr Newton now "" , as an astronaut once put it ."	
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running , national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said .	
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , Vincent ’ s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile ( 30 km ) long Disraeli Fjord .	
At least seven other governments have signed agreements , but have asked not to have them publicized .	
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph , forecasters said .	
 We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11 . 	
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns , a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth , both Republican candidates .	
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises ' LF.N LeapPad books , Hasbro Inc . ' s HAS.N Beyblade starter set , and MGA Entertainment 's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share .	
" If the other rating agencies also downgrade us ..	The two other national rating agencies are waiting to take action .
Another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker , the Sandra Tapias .	A Spanish tanker , Sandra Tapias , was to be loaded with another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , in the afternoon .
He caused a stir by misnaming the mayor of Miami , Manny Diaz .	He greeted the mayor of Miami , Manny Diaz , as  Alex . """	
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president ’ s appearance .	
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT & T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc . SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	
Rep. Peter Deutsch , D-Fla . , criticized the FDA 's efforts in Florida .	
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20 , 1999 .	
 We 're going to defend these charges in court ,  said Ira Lee Sorkin , Furst 's attorney .	
"I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today . """	
But while Microsoft 's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU 's investigation started five years ago , the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame .	
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday .	
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers .	
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella , 31 , Mary , 33 , and James , 25 by his wife Linda , who died from breast cancer in 1998 .	
But to see those pages , users would be required by Amazon to register , and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view .	
Fifty-seven senators , including 24 Republicans , have signed the letter .	
Marc Garber , Whitley 's attorney , had a different view .	
A final decision on his fate , including the power of the death penalty , lay with President Bush .	
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $ 3 million of more than $ 5 million needed .	
The European Commission , the EU 's antitrust enforcer , is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached .	
A panel of the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California 's assault weapons ban in a 2-1 ruling last December .	
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .	
The news comes after Drax 's American owner , AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer .	
She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle .	
Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents , citing the new tax law .	
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office was not available for comment .	
The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today .	
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music .	
Federal agent Bill Polychronopoulos said it was not known if the man , 30 , would be charged .	
Sixty players and five coaches from the school attended the training camp in August in Preston Park , about 125 miles north of Philadelphia .	
It ’ s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort ” .	
She noted some fast-food chains , including McDonald 's , already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites .	
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle , from 1am to 1pm , orientated themselves towards the south-east .	
The Pentagon , saying that Boykin requested it , is investigating his remarks .	
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered ' propaganda of an alien ideology ' .	
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress .	
The document , headlined Information for Health Care Professionals , warns of potential panic attacks , psychosis and convulsions .	
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent .	
Of the 23.5 million high-speed lines , 16.3 million provided advanced services , which the FCC defines as speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions .	
On Friday , the Food and Drug Administration approved the use of silicone breast implants with conditions .	
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted .	
The new Finder puts a user 's folders , hard drive , network servers , iDisk and removable media in one location , providing one-click access .	
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003 .	
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64 .	
 We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups ,  Mr. White said , objecting to Mr. Olson 's recommendation .	
 No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern . 	
Rambus Inc . ( nasdaq : RMBS - news - people ) shot up 38 percent , making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq .	
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth , strong investment banking and trading results , and improved mortgage and card revenues .	
Roberts said he didn 't think excess inventory showed up in Avery 's first quarter , although it might explain the drop and quick recovery in sales this quarter .	
Committee approval , expected today , would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday .	
But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he 's also capable of big games , scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic .	
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup .	
"Shattered Glass , "" starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass , debuted well with $ 80,000 in eight theaters ."	
 Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction ,  Gates writes , warming us up for the punchline .	
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas , Miss Volochkova is ' bigger than others ' .	
Likewise , the 30-year bond < US30YT = RR > slid 1-11 / 32 for a yield of 4.38 percent , up from 4.30 percent .	
But it now has 600 fewer stores - about 1,500 in all - and a $ 2 billion loan to compete against bigger merchants .	
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai , Turkey and Malaysia , among others .	
A car and a house were hit in the latest shootings , said Chief Deputy Steve Martin of the Franklin County sheriff 's office .	
An evaluation suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit in patients receiving the drug in the study , the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire .	
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan .	
"Bush wanted "" to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing , "" White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday ."	
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft , Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement .	
Researchers predicted an additional 23 cases of dementia a year for every 10,000 women on the therapy .	
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin , Guinea and Sierra Leone .	
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment .	
Several cities are competing for the headquarters , including Miami ; Panama City ; Atlanta ; Port-of-Spain , Trinidad ; and Puebla , Mexico .	
 The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future ,  the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision .	
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore .	
In late morning trading , the Dow was up 13.88 , or 0.2 percent , at 9,002.93 , having shed 2.3 percent last week .	
"That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues ( to put ) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance , "" Graham said ."	
Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc . ISPH.O tumbled $ 2.17 , or 13.4 percent , to $ 13.98 .	
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases .	
Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote , while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent .	
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly , researchers have found .	
"A grief-stricken old woman , disconsolate with grief , smeared her face with dirt , uttering : "" My child , my child . """	
The American military 's task is to provide the security in the meantime .	
As previously announced , the final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12 .	
"The crates are full of hardback copies of "" Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . """	
But for more than a century , an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation 's poorest residents was lost , stolen or never collected .	
It also named Robert Willumstad chief operating officer , also to take effect by Jan. 1 , 2004 .	
Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs , the judge said .	
One , Capt. Doug McDonald , remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday .	
Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Department .	
Deasean and Walker , a resident of nearby Barbey Street , were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center , where they died about 6 p.m. , O 'Brien said .	
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville .	
 I do not wish to be present during this witness ,  he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami .	
The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers .	
So far , Georgia has been returned all but $ 70,000 of the money it wired .	
 It ' ' s absurd ,  Funny Cide 's trainer Barclay Tagg said .	
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum .	
In a major setback to consumers , a federal judge granted the government 's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada .	
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .	
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .	
 Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores ,  Mr. Graham said .	
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light , through the prism of our experience on 11 September , "" Rumsfeld said ."	
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer , the American Cancer Society journal , being published online today .	
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business .	
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes , lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain .	
 PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited . 	
 I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower ,  he said .	
By late Thursday afternoon , Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents , raising the possibility of a criminal indictment .	
Schneiderman said this fare price would reflect the agency 's legitimate financial condition as well as riders ' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession .	
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $ 30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .	
U.S. Airways ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 seats and 75 seats and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats , it said in a release .	
Before addressing the economy , Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia , which killed as many as 29 people , including seven Americans .	
Yehuda Abraham , a 76-year-old jeweler in New York 's diamond district , allegedly accepted a $ 30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles , the government said .	
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > jumped 26 points , or 1.78 percent , to 1,516 .	
Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999 , and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid 's earnings .	
A pro-independence radical , Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .	
Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents , the Journal story said .	
His plan would cost more than $ 200 billion annually , which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush 's tax cuts .	
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10 .	
Late last year , for example , more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa .	
"Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement "" will be a compromise , like the real world requires . """	
Hampton Township is just northeast of Bay City and about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township .	
The high profile two-week campaign – which started on September 28 – was designed to show a strong police presence around London .	
None of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available , she said .	
 Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service ,  Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .	
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer .	
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year .	
Humphries , and his father William , were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning .	
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol .	
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year , then grow 15.7 percent in 2004 .	
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman , who announced Tuesdays ban , also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help .	
In 2002 , Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor , accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue .	
The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees , including Harrison 's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed , Aaron said .	
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand , and Vietnam .	
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates .	
Furthermore , chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool .	
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains .	
In January 1996 , two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift , posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies .	
Songs can be burned to CDs , but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple 's puts the limit at ten burns .	
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday ; the shares closed on Monday at $ 3.01 .	
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets .	
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany 's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent .	
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours .	
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases .	
By contrast , the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs , with a $ 275 deductible each year .	
The review outlines the tariffs ' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program .	
The women then had follow-up examinations after five , 12 and 24 years .	
According to the survey , last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $ 48 billion and consumer victims reported $ 5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses .	
"He told the jury Stubbs is a "" cold , calculating killer . """	
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail , the telephone and visitors .	
He was then given leave to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal .	
Scribner 's body was found floating in the city 's Portage Bay , where he lived with his wife in a houseboat .	
Shares of EDS gained $ 1.49 , or 6.6 percent , to $ 23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .	
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia .	
Resigning along with Brendsel was Vaughn Clarke , the company 's executive vice president and chief financial officer .	
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989 .	
Full classes of 48 are booked through September , he said , and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January .	
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment .	
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency , up 0.1 percent .	
"This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country , "" said Janet Levine ."	
At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured .	
 Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying , store operations and sourcing ,  he said .	
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came , prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press .	
"A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day , "" Griffin said ."	
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so .	
 I think 70 percent of the work is already done ,  Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol .	
Passenger Keith Charlton , who helped tackle the man , last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant , known to passengers as Greg .	
Meanwhile , the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November .	
 This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage ,  said Hubbard , a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board .	
The crime report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide .	
An airplane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday , killing all 75 people aboard .	
By comparison , the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400 .	
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately .	
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index advanced 5.37 , or 0.5 percent , to 1,020.18 .	
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act .	
At midday Saturday , automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood , a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter .	
Goodrem , 18 , announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin 's disease , a curable form of lymphoma cancer .	
Altria shares fell $ 1.17 to $ 42.51 and were the Dow 's biggest percent loser .	
"General Myers told reporters that "" at first blush , it doesn 't look like any rules were broken "" ."	
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer .	
That means that if the planet is in a season , it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years .	
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison .	
"He said he had made it "" very plain "" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty ."	
 The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying ( a rate rise ) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds ,  Mr Macfarlane said .	
In December 1998 , a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship .	
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country .	
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket .	
 Smallpox is not the only threat to the public 's health , and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness ,  Strom said .	
The unusual decision to declassify an intelligence report came in an attempt to quiet a growing controversy over Mr Bush 's allegations about Iraq 's weapons programs .	
It 's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound .	
The numbers highlight a conundrum : the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society .	
In interviews with engineers , most of whom have not spoken publicly until now , the lines of discord between NASA 's engineers and managers are evident .	
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes .	
" The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place .	The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place , they are attacking us . "	
State wildlife officials have concluded that the fluorescent zebra fish from Florida poses no danger , and they have recommended that the state exempt it from the ban .	
Boeing 's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines .	
Mr. Rollins made $ 721,154 in salary and $ 243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year .	
He has no immediate plans for television advertising , believing it is unnecessary this early .	
Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying launch will be between Oct. 10 and 17 and will carry two men .	
Robert Walsh , 40 , remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital 's north campus .	
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session , and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat .	
 The question that has to be penetrated is , how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation ? 	
Strikingly , the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton .	
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well .	
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination .	
" I have heard the people of New York say , ' Enough is enough , '  Pataki said . """	
Security forces stormed the building , but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers .	
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February .	
On the upside , Coca-Cola Co . ( nyse : KO - news - people ) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday , helped by European demand .	
Both figures were below consensus expectations , but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain , fueling a dollar rally .	
Because of the holiday period , the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today .	
"The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA 's Hubble-class "" Great Observatories . """	
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development .	
Other recall suits are pending in federal court .	
"The word Advent , from Latin , means "" the coming . """	
 I 'm taking his office , and we 're gonna keep on building , ' ' he vowed . 	
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure , said his daughter , Nina Axelrod .	
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $ 50-million ( U.S. ) earlier this year .	
 The timing of [ the miniseries ] is absolutely staggering to me ,  Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week .	
She said in 2003 , not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent .	
The agent , Bassem Youssef , filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia .	
Dennehy , 21 , hasn 't been heard from in more than two weeks , and police suspect he was killed in the Waco area .	
The S & P / TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week , while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points .	
Even the pizza man took part , delivering a flier with the missing girl 's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz 's house .	
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $ 1 billion to $ 2.8 billion .	
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent .	
However , several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself .	
Overall , students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching , the work-force portrait shows .	
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work .	
Shares of MONY were gaining $ 2.57 , or 9 % , to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet .	
Monday , the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape .	
They said many had been beaten , and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients .	
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers ' violent goals .	
 Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women , except those who join the war [ against Islam ] . 	
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors , compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo .	
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $ 19,710 this year , up 6 percent from 2002 .	
At 5 p.m. EDT , Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph , with some gusts reaching 60 mph .	
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf , who has served in Australia , Vietnam , Greece and Pakistan .	
The company claims it 's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date .	
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality .	
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI slipped 9.54 points , or 0.1 percent , at 9,558.92 .	
Peterson , 30 , was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests .	
In Ventura County , the number of closings and advisories dropped by 73 percent , from 1,540 in 2001 to 416 last year .	
Police said they will conduct DNA tests to confirm the man 's identity .	
"Earlier , they had defied a police order and cried "" Allahu Akbar "" ( God is Greatest ) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom ."	
Bob Richter , a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick , had no comment about the ruling .	
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever , crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users ' inboxes with a glut of messages .	
It also said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission .	
In a series of raids , Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday , including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group , a senior official said .	
Already suffering with the nation 's worst credit rating , the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money .	
He is expected to ask banks for around € 50m this week to keep the company afloat .	
In 2001 , President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors .	
The company has agreed terms on the purchase of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann , the largest paper distributor in Europe .	
Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion .	
Spider-Man snatched $ 114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $ 403.7 million .	
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR jumped 20 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .	
 Although some firms show BPO savings , vendors overstate their current offerings ,  John C. McCarthy , Forrester Group director , said .	
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq , where it was one of the top percentage losers .	
Singapore is already the United States ' 12th-largest trading partner , with two-way trade totaling more than $ 34 billion .	
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them .	
 With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate , marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising ,  said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart .	
United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year , the company announced yesterday .	
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan 's economy , as it has on economies across the region , hammering consumer spending and leaving shops , restaurants and airports empty .	
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes .	
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath .	
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways , officials said .	
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC edged up 2.84 points , or 0.18 percent , at 1,593.59 .	
The $ 19.50-a-share bid , comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co . JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock .	
He called on Prime Minister John Howard to establish a royal commission on child sex abuse .	
Mr Goh on his part , described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation .	
In Somalia , only 26 % of adolescent females ( aged 10-19 ) have heard of Aids and just 1 % know how to protect themselves .	
"The report by the Justice Department 's inspector general found "" significant problems "" in the government 's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks ."	
Officials said one provision in the Senate-passed measure accounted for $ 40 billion over 10 years in the CBO calculation .	
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol .	
He has also served on the president 's Homeland Security Advisory Council .	
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX slipped 11.83 points , or 1.20 percent , to 975.93 .	
In 2001 , Evan helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member , said Alexis Lukas , the program supervisor .	
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days .	
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas .	
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition , PeopleSoft 's shares dropped during yesterday 's trading , decreasing $ 1.42 to close at $ 14.97 .	
Details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .	
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities .	
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television .	
"Powell 's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating , by saying an officer ordered that the area be "" cleared out . """	
Variable annuity sales were $ 4.2 billion , 82 percent higher than a year ago .	
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents ( U.S. ) or 2.7 per cent to $ 29.32 .	
The report that cost Mr Forlong his career at Sky News was screened on 29 March .	
 We need the somebody who notices them to come forward ,  he told a news conference to introduce his successor , Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson .	
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges .	
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP said it filed suit in a New York court on Monday on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund .	
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals .	
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection .	
To reach John A. Dvorak , who covers Kansas , call ( 816 ) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak @ kctar.com.	
 We 're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America ,  Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement .	
Southwest 's net income amounted to $ 246 million , or 30 cents per share .	
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday 's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission .	
Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne , recovering from a quad bike crash , is conscious and joking in his hospital bed , his daughter Kelly said tonight .	
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets .	
Privately-held GeCAD Software , founded in 1992 , has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus .	
 We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack ,  Barbara Comstock said .	
Fasting glucose was 142 mg / dL on average for those given usual care , compared with 129 mg / dL in the group given specialized care ( P < .01 ) .	
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets , each seating 156 passengers .	
The company emphasized that McDonald 's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald 's use in the United States .	
"However , George Heath , a Fort Campbell spokesman , said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "" an attitude problem "" ."	
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading .	
"The NEA report , the "" Status of the American Public School Teacher , "" aims to help education groups shape their agendas ."	
Holders of paper bonds will be able , though not required , to convert to electronic accounts .	
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each , or $ 9.99 for an album .	
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons .	
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM 's Retail Store Solutions unit , which markets and sells point-of-sale products .	
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light , they flew directly towards the sun , presumably because they no longer had any sense of time .	
Treatment guidelines , many written by medical-specialty organizations , recommend approaches to many ailments , such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis .	
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer .	
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32 , or about 1.1 percent , to 9011.53 .	
Utah 's median household income also took a hit , falling 1.8 percent , from $ 48,875 to $ 47,978 .	
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message .	
Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House , creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves .	
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites .	
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices .	
 Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products ,  said George Ahn , chief marketing officer , Tibco .	
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .	
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car .	
But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike , Hevesi found .	
Two weeks later on New Year 's night , Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment .	
In 2001 , 8.4 per cent of six-year-olds and 15 per cent of 15-year-olds were obese .	
Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive .	
Shares of Smithfield closed up $ 1.64 , or 8.5 percent , at $ 20.85 , on the New York Stock Exchange .	
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier .	
At his request , he will be reassigned within the district .	
At least 7000 computers were affected by Parson 's worm , Assistant US Attorney Paul Luehr said .	
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 23.45 points , or 1.44 percent , to end at 1,603.97 , based on the latest data .	
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999 , when a grand jury began investigating Silvester .	
An hour later , an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City , killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people .	
 This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity ,  Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release .	
Many of the victims had been headed home for R & R or emergency leave when they were killed .	
Malvo , 18 , goes on trial Nov. 10 in the death of Franklin .	
Zulifquar Ali , a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel , said the assailants first targeted the mosque 's security guards .	
When police removed the four from the home , they weighed 136 pounds combined .	
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight ( Friday US time ) .	
Associated Press Writer Curt Anderson at the Justice Department in Washington , D.C. , contributed to this story .	
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $ 5,247 annually , including miscellaneous , campus-based fees .	
"Georgia cannot afford to not get funding , "" said Dr. Melinda Rowe , Chatham County 's health director ."	
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month .	
" We 've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress , probably later than we should have .	 We have put a lot of energy into patching , later than we should have , "" he said ."	
 Of course I want to win again , but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious ,  he says .	
SARS , the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November , gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center .	
"The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "" RPCSDBOT . """	
A month ago a military C-17 transporter returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded .	
Rashidi Ahmad , 33 , was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives , near Franklin Boulevard .	
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state 's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals .	
Ms. Haque , meanwhile , was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom .	
"A spokesman said : "" Further testing is under way but at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook is positive . """	
Durst was acquitted this week in the murder of his elderly neighbor , 71-year-old Morris Black .	
However , Lapidus expects foreign brands ' sales to be up 4 percent , driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co .	
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income .	
Turner , who held about 105 million shares before the sale , also transferred 10 million AOL shares to a charitable trust .	
Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight , sweeping past the barbed wire barricades .	
They say inspectors must certify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted .	
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70 , or 0.8 per cent , to 1700.34 .	
"Earlier , he told France Inter-Radio , "" I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic . """	
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida 's prison system .	
 But the First Amendment does not shield fraud ,  Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court .	
History will remember the University of Washington 's Dr. Belding Scribner as the man who has saved more than a million lives by making long-term kidney dialysis possible .	
"A federal judge yesterday disconnected a new national "" do-not-call "" list , just days before it was to take effect , saying the agency that created it lacked the authority ."	
The bulk of the funds , some $ 65 billion , will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .	
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney , Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him .	
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer , and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma .	
Based on experience elsewhere , it could take up to two years before regular elections are held , he added .	
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet .	
Zulifquar Ali , a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel , said the attackers first targeted the mosque 's guards .	
He said he has begun a court action to seize Beacon Hill 's assets and has frozen more than $ 13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed .	
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations , U.S. officials said on Thursday .	
We believe them to be without merit , and will defend ourselves vigorously .	
 We disagree with the judge 's decision on notice for Engine Company 261 ,  said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo , the city 's corporation counsel .	
Fifty-seven percent were Hispanic , 10 % were Asian , 7 % were Black , 16 % were Caucasian , and 10 % were of other ethnicity .	
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured .	
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 advanced and Britain 's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent , while Germany 's DAX index rose 0.6 percent .	
It reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops .	
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House .	
"Manfred Bischoff , EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler , said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "" excellent proposals ."	
 It 's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program , but I look forward to the challenge ,  Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters .	
Sales for the quarter beat expectations , rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros .	
The captain , Michael J. Gansas , was notified yesterday by the city 's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired .	
The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting , and will not endorse a replacement candidate .	
" There were ,  said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff , "" some extremely bad decisions ."	
Thirty-eight percent of patients surveyed in five urban clinics believed the myth that cancer spreads when exposed to air during surgery , according to a poll to be published Tuesday .	
The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF = , up 0.2 percent on the session , after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session .	
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons , bringing the giant planet 's total to 60 .	
Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court this morning on charges of first-degree manslaughter and second-degree sexual assault .	
Subsequently , some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer .	
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store .	
As a result , Nelson now faces up to 10 years ' jail instead of life .	
Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government 's antitrust case against Microsoft .	
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books .	
The caretaker , identified by church officials as Jorge Manzon , was believed to be among the nine missing - some of them children .	
Proving that the Millville son 's sacrifice would not go unsung , Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days .	
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet .	
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers , a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder .	
Total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $ 1.99 billion from a year earlier .	
 It 's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn 't be notified of an abortion , which is a very profound decision . 	
The pressure will intensify today , with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult .	
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons , reform the police , strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry .	
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index gained 25.75 points , or 1.5 percent , to 1,746.46 , its highest close in about 15 months .	
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships .	
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night .	
Global HRT sales , which are dominated by Wyeth of the US , were worth $ 3.8bn in 2001 , according to Data- monitor , the London-based market research company .	
"Gore said while the Patriot Act made some needed changes , it has "" turned out to be , on balance , a terrible mistake . """	
After the shooting , Hoffine fled to the nearby home of a friend , and allowed her and her daughter to leave .	
Car volume fell 8 per cent , while light truck sales -- which include vans , pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent .	
Supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores .	
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12 .	
They said he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago .	
"His other films include "" Malcolm X , "" "" Summer of Sam "" and "" Jungle Fever . """	
Boeing shares fell 3.5 percent to close at $ 27.62 on the New York Stock Exchange , while Lockheed slipped 1.4 percent to $ 49.50 .	
 This will put a severe crimp in our reserves ,  O 'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters .	
 We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts 's request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims ,  Microsoft spokeswoman Stacy Drake said .	
The ministers also intend to initiate plans for a national centre for disease control .	
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA , compared with 70 cases on June 6 .	
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said he would fight any extension of the cable 's use .	
The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers , most of them little-known , saying they represented the will of Iraq .	
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point , or 0.11 percent , to 1,650 .	
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line .	
" Jeremy 's a good guy ,  Barber said , adding : "" Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete ."	
A few hours later , the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis , R-Colo .	
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey , 64 , died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer .	
A ruling last week by U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry triggered a whirlwind of activity in Washington .	
Last year , the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals , 4 percent on two-year leases .	
Iraq 's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein 's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April .	
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony 's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed .	
The victims included seven Lebanese , four Egyptians , one Saudi and one Sudanese , the ministry official said .	
The two are not related , but have referred to each other as father and son .	
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141 , which could carry 141 passengers and crew .	
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas .	
"As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home , many chanted "" Celia , Celia "" and sang snippets of her songs ."	
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006 , U.S. Airways said in a release .	
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark , the first time since December .	
A month ago , the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter .	
"All along , we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time , "" she said ."	
The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $ 64.2 million , or 27 cents per share , in the quarter ended May 30 .	
The poll , conducted by KRC Communications Research of Newton , was taken Wednesday and Thursday .	
It 's also a strategic win for Overture , given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google 's services .	
" While many good people work in the telemarketing industry ,  Bush said in prepared remarks , "" the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions ."	
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public .	
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium , Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort .	
Those findings , published in today 's Journal of the American Medical Association , are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy .	
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index slipped 3.14 points , or 0.29 percent , to 1,071.99 .	
Wal-Mart Stores Inc . , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .	
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July .	
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty .	
Costner plays Charlie Waite , a cowboy with a violent past .	
"Gordon stressed that his bill "" is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman 's handling of the Columbia investigation . """	
The yield on the 3 5 / 8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent .	
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $ 175 million in senior notes due next year .	
Coupling , an American version of a hit British comedy , will get the valuable Thursday 9 : 30 p.m. time slot .	
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits .	
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere , as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others .	
"Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "" have shown , albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda "" ."	
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing .	
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department 's actions are fully within the law .	
Cardenas and Estrada , who is on trial for economic plunder , have denied any involvement .	
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital .	
Authorities in Alabama said the passage of time , and the transfer or retirement of some investigators , has not hurt their case .	
Paul Durousseau , 32 , was charged Tuesday with five counts of first-degree murder for the Dec. 19 to Feb. 5 killings .	
Even later in life , he was still cashing in : lately , he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.	
And if estimates hold , it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $ 20 million each in one weekend .	
Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994 .	
"Respondents who rated current business conditions as "" bad "" increased to 30.4 % from 28.1 % in June ."	
That investigation closed without any charges being laid .	
Nearly all of Ford 's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit , which earned a net $ 401 million , up 21.5 percent .	
Shares of GE were slipping 17 cents , or 0.6 % , to $ 28.02 in Instinet premarket trading .	
A total of 114 soldiers were killed in the active combat phase that began March 20 .	
In other words , Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network 's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable .	
"The companies said "" it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence . """	
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident .	
Top U.S. executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits , according to a survey released Monday .	
"Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement : "" We had a big contract negotiation ."	
The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town .	
 Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them . 	
In May 2002 , Malikah Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn for more than $ 20 million in damages after the MTA objected to their headdresses .	
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers .	
"Mr Eddington described Monday 's talks with union leaders as "" sensible "" ."	
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey , court records show .	
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years ; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County .	
A Lamar mother arrested Saturday in Colorado Springs is accused of drowning her two children in a bathtub before slitting her wrists .	
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis .	
From California , Bush flies to Japan on Thursday , followed by visits to the Philippines , Thailand , Singapore , Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24 .	
"The decision could also prove useful in the "" war on terrorism "" ."	
Many of the victims of Sunday 's attack had been headed out of Iraq for R & R or emergency leave .	
Since March 11 , when the market 's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October , the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent .	
America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers .	
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin , Ohio .	
 The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent  growth rate , George Scalise , the trade association 's president , said in a statement .	
An animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it has succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska .	
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients .	
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq 's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war .	
She insisted , though , that it not be published until after her death .	
Microsoft presented several options at the meeting , the consortium said in the statement .	
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $ 21.49 , up 78 cents , or 3.8 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .	
After the further analysis of the subset data , the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed .	
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation .	
The National Transportation Safety Board has subpoenaed Gansas , arguing his immediate testimony remains critical to its investigation .	
 After careful analysis , WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal ,  Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing .	
The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh , of Phoenixville .	
"University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university 's Web site , "" Our fundamental values haven 't changed ."	
In that position , Elias will report to Joe Tucci , president and CEO of EMC .	
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > declined 16.68 points , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 .	
"Tom Kasmer , a 14-year-old from Belmont , N.C. , got a word that sounded like "" zistee "" during yesterday 's competition ."	
In the evening , he asked for six pizzas and soda , which police delivered .	
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq .	
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office , scheduled for 2006 .	
A council resolution is considered essential in giving Iraqi or U.S.-controlled entities in Baghdad the legal authority to export oil .	
 I am listening to the same things I listened to 17 years ago ,  Hollings said .	
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record .	
Today , analysts say , UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks .	
 We 're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good ,  said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .	
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days .	
Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News ' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the euro zone .	
A day earlier , a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi 's death .	
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday .	
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $ 200 million more in incentives .	
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank , which sets U.S. interest rates .	
"AN artist has infuriated New Yorkers by painting a sign reading "" CAUTION Low Flying Planes "" on a building near Ground Zero ."	
Dayton finished 24-6 last season , won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament .	
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week and is searching for a replacement for retiring co-anchor Jane Pauley .	
The King of Prussia-based company could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer by then , the company said .	
In the first hour of trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 34 points to 9,107 , while the Nasdaq composite index rose 2 points to 1,612 .	
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC , and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws .	
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized , Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot , razor-wire fence , Fischi said .	
Later in the day , however , a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install .	
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $ 15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $ 22.5 billion in 2004 .	
He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans .	
Whoever is selected will report directly to Robert Liscouski , the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection .	
Ryland Group ( nyse : RYL - news - people ) , a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company , sank $ 9.65 , or 11.6 percent , to $ 73.40 .	
A DOD team is working to determine how hackers gained access to the system and what needs to be done to fix the breach .	
Shares of Pleasanton-based PeopleSoft rose 4 cents , to $ 16.96 , in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .	
 I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks ,  Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire .	
A month ago , the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate .	
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment .	
Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon .	
Companies that fall under that definition are subject to much less stringent regulation .	
A $ 5 billion dollar-denominated portion has seen about $ 19 billion of bids , investors said .	
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others .	
 Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices ,  company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing .	
He could get six to seven years in prison , plus fines .	
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points , or 1.07 percent , to 987.86 .	
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators .	
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church , the pope 's top aide has told Reuters .	
The Hartford shares rose $ 2.88 , or 6.6 percent , to close Monday at $ 46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .	
"At last nights protest , demonstratorschanted "" tapping our phones , reading our mail , the LEIU should go to jail . """	
A second victim , Michael Walker , 23 , was struck in the torso , the bullet perforating his lung .	
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law , but many places , including New York City , now ban smoking in bars .	
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote .	
"In a statement , Lee said he "" no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV . """	
Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the Chechen leader believed responsible for last year 's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday .	
The lawsuit , filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration , names Lay and Skilling among others .	
Limbaugh 's lawyer , Roy Black , has accused the Palm Beach State Attorney 's Office of having political motives for investigating whether the conservative radio commentator bought painkillers illegally .	
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year .	
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center .	
Helen Sharkey , 31 , and Gene Foster , 44 , pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud .	
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1 .	
The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine .	
He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement .	
We 'll be listening carefully to the [ IAEA ] director general 's report at the next board meeting .	
Outside the court , Sriyanto , who faces up to 25 years ' jail , denied he had done anything wrong .	
On July 3 , Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole .	
The 30-year bond < US30YT = RR > firmed 24 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.18 percent , after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent .	
Nearly 2,000 pages of transcripts were ordered to be made public after a legal action by the New York Times .	
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003 .	
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall .	
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way , he said .	
PeopleSoft Inc . ' s board of directors on Friday unanimously rejected Oracle Corp. ' s revised bid of $ 19.50 per share .	
"The book , called "" Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them : A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right , "" hits stores this weekend ."	
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people , objects , and situations , while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them .	
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November , when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients .	
"In Virginia , Mr. Kilgore , a Republican , accused the court of undermining "" Virginia 's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens . """	
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over bomb attacks in Jakarta and the North Sumatran city of Medan .	
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 , but has not ruled out a race in later years .	
In Las Vegas , agents entered two clubs — Cheetah 's and Jaguars — along with Galardi Enterprises , an office atop a bar and pool hall in downtown Las Vegas .	
 We do not use service members as guinea pigs ,  William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of defense for health affairs , told a Pentagon briefing .	
Oak Brook , IL-based McDonalds is expected to launch several hundred restaurants by year 's end .	
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR slid 1-10 / 32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , up from 4.23 percent .	
Adrian Lamo , 22 , had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday , but he then had second thoughts .	
"But JT was careful to clarify that it was "" not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment . """	
"And "" although the preconditions for recovery remain in place , "" it said the prospects for British exports were "" weaker than previously expected . """	
"Imam Samudra , 32 , is accused of being the "" field commander "" of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people , mostly tourists ."	
IAC 's stock closed yesterday down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent , at $ 34.19 .	
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A & M declined to confirm how many employees were affected .	
Late trading : Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day 's closing net asset value .	
On Monday , the Dow declined 5.25 , or 0.1 percent , at 8,983.80 , having shed 2.3 percent last week .	
Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda , which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease .	
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court 's term ended in June , it was seen as making those efforts moot .	
"Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "" we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement , "" with Ford and G.M."	
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer , not the tribe , meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax .	
In March , 67 percent connected through cable , up from 63 percent a year earlier .	
A nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley , in his 30th year teaching , makes $ 65,000 .	
 The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years . 	
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated .	
 Frank Quattrone is innocent ,  Keker said in a statement .	
No charges have been filed in those deaths , but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case .	
"Abbas told the summit he would end the "" armed intefadeh , "" renounced "" terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be "" and alluded to the disarming of militants ."	
"Officials in Malawi said the five suspects had been on the CIA 's "" watch list "" since the twin 1998 truck bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania ."	
 Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling ... against little or no competition ,  Hubach said in the statement .	
 We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January ,  Mr. Parsons said optimistically .	
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28 , or 0.1 percent , to 1,766.60 , following a weekly win of 3.7 percent .	
They include Ask Jeeves Inc . , Global Crossing , Aether Systems , Clarent , Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux , now VA Software .	
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention ( IBC ) in Amsterdam .	
The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites , blacks , people 18 to 24 , and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide .	
However , commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers .	
In a statement distributed Friday , 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote .	
For the year , Marvell expects revenue of $ 760 million to $ 790 million .	
However , one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival .	
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1 .	
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks .	
Dusenbery 's fiancee , Jessica Wheat , said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career .	
Already , the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region .	
Five alternate jurors were also chosen , with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel .	
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati 's assassination .	
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale .	
Printer maker Lexmark International Inc. spurted $ 3.95 to $ 63.35 , recouping some of the $ 14.10 it lost Monday .	
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents .	
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users .	
The MPx200 , which will sell for $ 299.99 , is now available through AT & T Wireless ' mMode service .	
Maurice Greene advanced to the semifinals of the 100-meter dash at the World Track and Field Championships .	
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06 , or 0.2 per cent , at 9266.51 .	
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India .	
At 5 p.m. EDT , Grace 's center was near latitude 25.6 north , longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi .	
By 2040 , the county 's population is expected to be 985,066 , compared to the 2000 population of 860,454 .	
The WHO experts didn 't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas .	
Gary Nicklaus , the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor 's exemption , birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69 .	
When the manager let him in the apartment , Brianna was in her mother 's bedroom lying in a baby 's bathtub , covered with a towel and watching cartoons .	
New York City will get an estimated $ 182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year , compared with last year 's $ 125.4 million .	
In addition , David Jones will pay him $ 10 million to take over the Foodchain leases .	
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18 , hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes , the newspaper said .	
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday .	
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial .	
Leung , who faces a maximum of 50 years in prison if convicted , also told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights .	
Kline 's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers , but it also would apply to doctors providing other services , such as prenatal care , to a pregnant child under 16 .	
One of the company 's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers , said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert .	
"The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "" at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship , "" he said ."	
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing .	
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA 's counterpart in Canada .	
Dallas Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki 's status as doubtful .	
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM / UMTS R & D center in Munich , Germany , to increase profitability .	
The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus .	
Dr. William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of Defense for health affairs , said the vaccine poses little danger .	
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street .	
In that same time , the S & P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent .	
